rat
People under this sign are incredibly clever, creative, and adaptive. They are talented hard-workers, along with being very materialistic, usually resulting in them being very wealthy individuals.
However, rat people tend to lack courage and authoritativeness, combined with their nit-picking makes them poor leaders. Being the most reproductive out of all the 12 animals, rat people are very
open-minded in love. This combined with their optimistic attitude make people born under this sign more flirtatious than most. 
celebs: George Washington, John F. Kennedy, Wolfgang Mozart, William Shakespeare, Eminem


ox
People born under this sign are responsible and analytical. They take calculated steps, and are very respectful of those around them. Ox people are very honest, but don't let their honesty deceive
you as they are very ambitious individuals at the same time. Having the patience and perseverance make people under this sign very good workers; however, despite ox people having a down-to-earth
attitude, their stubborn nature and slow approach to things can also can make them unromantic in love. 
celebs: Napoleon Bonaparte, Adolf Hitler, Barack Obama, Richard Nixon, George Clooney


tiger
People under this sign are very independent. Tiger people's ambitious, courageous, and authoritative qualities make them natural leaders. Unfortunately, their overconfidence and bossiness make tiger
people unapproachable for many. People born under this sign embrace all kinds of challenges, their openness to taking risks and trying things their own way opens up a lot of
opportunities. Tiger people's independence and controlling behaviours do come around to haunt their love life as they usually make poor partners.
celebs: Ludwig van Beethoven, Marco Polo, Karl Marx, Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Cruise


rabbit
People born under this sign are tentative, thoughtful, and caring. They tend to be the most cheerful individuals, making them very popular and likeable. Rabbit people's strong sense of jealousy as
well as their indecisiveness make their love life very shaky. A mild temper and their sense of empathy make rabbit people valuable friends. Their good memory and humility are also considered by many
the main reason people born under this sign being excellent employees. 
celebs: Queen Victoria, Albert Einstein, Michael Jordan, David Beckham, Whitney Houston


dragon
People under this sign are courageous, ambitious, and confident. They are not afraid of challenges, and are very sensitive to their reputation. Dragon people are down-to-earth, although they are
commonly perceived by others as arrogant and impatient. In love, people born under this sign tend to be bossy and are poor listeners; however, their confidence and straight-forward approach make
dragon people very attractive.
celebs: Sigmund Freud, Joan of Arc, Bruce Lee, Robin Williams, John Lennon


snake
People born under this sign are calm, sensitive, and sharp. They like to plan ahead before they take action, and when they are ready, their action is usually fast and precise. Although having
strong sensibility, snake people tend to keep things to themselves. This could make them seem unapproachable, thus making them poor team members. Being adaptive and calculating, as well as having
being sensitive individuals, people under this sign make good partners in love. 
celebs: Elizabeth I, Abraham Lincoln, Mahatma Gandhi, Martin Luther King, artha Stewart


horse
People under this sign are optimistic, motivated, and romantic. They have a strong sense of justice, and would go out of their way just to maintain such. Horse people love to be complimented, at the
same time, they hate to be restricted in any way. People born under this sign tend to lack perseverance and have a short temper, usually making them difficult employees to manage. With that said, 
their friendliness and romantic nature make them great lovers.
celebs: Louisa May Alcott, Chopin, Davy Crockett, Jackie Chan, Jerry Seinfeld


sheep
People born under this sign are considerate, loyal, and artistic. Their thoughtful nature and warm personalities make them easy to get along with, thus very popular amongst friends and families. Sheep
people like to be taken care of, and they are willing to compromise for any forms of comfort. Their patience make people under this sign good lovers. Having a passive nature, a pessimistic attitude, as
well as an indecisive personality, sheep people usually look to others for help and guidance. 
celebs: Michelangelo, Mark Twain, Thomas Alva Edison, Muhammad Ali, Barbara Walters


monkey
People under this sign are smart and competitive. Being fast thinkers and having a good showmanship by nature, monkey people's upbeat spirit positively influences people around them. They tend to overlook
laws and restrictions, usually looking for ways to exploit the systems. This usually causes trouble financially, but is able to build experience and act as learning opportunities for people born under this
sign. Monkey people are social and they like changes, but this makes them difficult partners in love.
celebs: Leonardo da Vinci, Charles Dickens, George Gordon Byron, Yao Ming, Celine Dion


rooster
People born under this sign are fashionable and good with words. They like to decorate themselves, and dislike those who don't pay attention to their physical appearance. Being good with words, chicken
people love to converse, but they often talk more than they are supposed to and reveal information that they are not supposed to. People under this sign like to be complimented, and they are very good
at complimenting others. In love, they tend to get into a lot of verbal arguments, but are fully dedicated to every opportunity they have.
celebs: Britney Spears, Justin Timberlake, Elton John, Jennifer Aniston, Anna Kournikova


dawg
People under this sign are detail-oriented, collected, and loyal. They are hard-workers, and they would make various sacrifices for ones who they care about. This makes the dog people very good friends.
Despite their willingness to compromise, people born under this sign also have a strong sense of justice. In love, they are the most loyal to their partners, and are committed to serve their responsibilites.
Although dog people are capable of maintaining long-lasting relationships, they are not equally motivated in work, and would often leave tasks undone.
celebs: Winston Churchill, Benjamin Franklin, Bill Clinton, Michael Jackson, Madonna


pig
People born under this sign are kind, honest, and responsible. Despite not having many friends, they are extremely loyal to the close ones around them. Pig people have a down-to-earth attitude, but are
usually naive and easily tricked. They do not like to lie, and would do anything to avoid it. People under this sign are also extremely caring of their loved ones, making them excellent friends and lovers.
Pig people lack the motivation to be competitive, but they love to have fun, even when having fun sometimes rests on other's expense.
celebs: Henry VIII, Oliver Cromwell, Albert Schweitzer, Arnold Schwartzenegger, Ewan McGregor




ref:
http://shengxiao.911cha.com/
http://www.travelchinaguide.com/intro/social_customs/zodiac/